# Week 3 - March 6, 2022

Welcome to the shiny RSS3 Tech Weekly.

On Thursday we greeted two new dev members, making the total headcount 9 🎉!  Our dev members have been multitasking on multiple projects, the joining of new members will greatly alleviate the pressure. As always, [we’re hiring](https://www.notion.so/Open-Source-Remote-RSS3-Offering-the-Dopest-Positions-b6fdbffee017449797397f45340de9d4), all talents are welcome!

Below is the progress made by Dev 🌀 RSS3 this week.

# What has happened

We have been busy working on the groundwork of PreGod:

1. On Hub
    1. We have finished the initial migration of our database to a dev server and started utilizing it for our development.
    2. We have added some necessary database schema changes.
2. On Indexer: we have finished developing a framework for our indexers to archive content from external sources like arweave, gitcoin, and Jike.

Protocol:

1. We have released RSS3 Protocol v0.4.0-rc.1 and RSS3 Improvement Proposals
2. We have launched a discussion on GitHub: [RSS3 Protocol v0.4.0 Adventure: Phase II](https://github.com/NaturalSelectionLabs/RSS3-Protocol/discussions/32)

# What is going to happen

Apart from the usual golang implemention of PreGod, we have the following agendas planned for next week:

1. We will provide the necessary orientation for new members to get them started. At Dev 🌀 RSS3 we enjoy pair-programming! 
2. With a dedicated DevOps joining our team, we will start improving our operation flow. This includes CI/CD, deployment, monitoring, etc.

Based on the burndown chart, we are on track for an end of March PreGod release, so stay tuned!

That’s it for the week, see you all next week!

Dev 🌀 RSS3
