# Week 4 - March 11, 2022

Welcome to the shiny RSS4 Tech Weekly. This week’s major focus is, as always, PreGod development. All our development progress can be observed [on GitHub](https://github.com/NaturalSelectionLabs/RSS4-PreGod).

## What has happened

As of this Friday, we managed to merge 10 PRs for PreGod including the followings:

On Hub:

1. Our great new members already spotted some design flaws in the design, and some refactoring work was carried out. In fact, we have one experienced member dedicated to refactoring.
2. Any change in design inevitably required the database schema to be redesigned.
3. Utilities are essential so we spent a lot of time polishing them.
4. We have added the logic for verifying ether signatures and signing messages.

On Indexer:

1. We have been steadily developing PreGod, this week we have finished migrating indexers for Arbitrum, Misskey, Twitter, and zkSync.

The team has also decided to drop the message queue implementation in favor of a plain HTTP approach. While MQ is going to have a spot in the system, at this stage we don’t really need to introduce the complexity.

Protocol:

1. Adding `item.related_urls` field
2. Clearing definition of automatic content and custom content
3. Removing `ItemURI` and `item.identifier_instance`
4. Removing `_mainnet` in item networks
5. Changing time format from RFC 3339 to ISO 8601

## What is going to happen

1. PreGod is being scheduled to release by the end of this month, so aye Captain full speed ahead.

That’s it for the week, see you all next week!

Dev 🌀 RSS4
